[Workers] logpush changes (#6721)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/logpush.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Logpush
---

# Workers Trace Events Logpush

> [Cloudflare Logpush](/logs/about/) supports the ability to send Workers Trace Event Logs to any of our [supported destinations](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/). Worker’s Trace Events Logpush includes metadata about requests and responses, unstructured `console.log()` messages and any uncaught exceptions. This product is available to customers on our Cloudflare Enterprise and Workers Paid plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cloudflare Logpush](/logs/about/) supports the ability to send Workers Trace Event Logs to any of our [supported destinations](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/). Worker’s Trace Events Logpush includes metadata about requests and responses, unstructured `console.log()` messages and any uncaught exceptions. This product is available to user an a paid plan. Pricing information is listed on our [pricing page](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/pricing/#workers-trace-events-logpush)
```

Reviewer: I want to make sure we let users know that this is a paid product

> ## <What are we doing here?>

Author: other than 'get started' what is the user actually setting out to do here?

Reviewer: Specifically, they're configuring a Logpush job and enabling logging for their Worker(s)

Reviewer: Check permissions (since they're diff than that of Workers)

> Check your account permissions. Logpush permissions are different than Workers permissions. 

Author: Need to start this sentence with "To <goal of this section>, check your account permissions by going to _____."

Reviewer: I cant find a spot in the general roles docs that explains this https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/account-and-billing/account-setup/account-roles/

I would replace it something like "To check your role sign into the Cloudflare dashboard, select an account and navigate to Manage account > Members. Roles with Logpush configuration access are different than that of Workers."

> Super Administrators, Administrators and the Log Share roles have full access to Logpush. Alternatively, create a new API token scoped at the Account level with Logs Edit permissions. 

Author: ```suggestion
Super Administrators, Administrators and the Log Share roles have full access to Logpush. Alternatively, create a new API token by going to ________ scoped at the Account level with Logs Edit permissions. 
```

Reviewer: https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/

 
## Create a Logpush job

> The following example sends Workers logs to R2. For more configuration options, refer to [Enable destinations](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/) and [API configuration](/logs/get-started/api-configuration/) in the Logs documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
To create a Logpush job, <what do they do?>. The following example sends Workers logs to R2. For more configuration options, refer to [Enable destinations](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/) and [API configuration](/logs/get-started/api-configuration/) in the Logs documentation.
```

Reviewer: Create a Logpush job to send logs to your preferred storage destination or analytics provider.

 
```
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/logpush/jobs' \
-H 'X-Auth-Key: <API_KEY>' \
-H 'X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
"name": "workers_logpush",
"logpull_options": "fields=Event,EventTimestampMs,Outcome,Exceptions,Logs,ScriptName",
"destination_conf": "r2://<BUCKET_PATH>/{DATE}?account-id=<ACCOUNT_ID>&access-key-id=<R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID>&secret-access-key=<R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>",
"dataset": "workers_trace_events",
"enabled": true
}'| jq .
```

> In Logpush, you can configure [filters](/logs/reference/filters/) and a [sampling rate](/logs/get-started/api-configuration/#sampling-rate) to have more control of the volume of data that is sent to your configured destination. For example, if you only want to receive logs for resulted in an exception, add the following under `logpull_options` to your <what file?>:

Author: ```suggestion
In Logpush, you can configure [filters](/logs/reference/filters/) and a [sampling rate](/logs/get-started/api-configuration/#sampling-rate) to have more control of the volume of data that is sent to your configured destination. For example, if you only want to receive logs for resulted in an exception, add the following under `logpull_options`:
```

>  

Reviewer: Logpull options is one of the parameters for the API call above

`"filter":"{\"where\": {\"key\":\"Outcome\",\"operator\":\"!eq\",\"value\":\"exception\"}}"`

> ## Enable logging on your Workers script 

Author: ```suggestion
## Enable logging on your Worker
```

> Enable logging on your Worker by adding a new property, `logpush = true`, to your `wrangler.toml` file. This can be added either in the top-level configuration or under an environment. Any new scripts with this property will automatically get picked up by the Logpush job. 

Author: ```suggestion
Enable logging on your Worker by adding a new property, `logpush = true`, to your `wrangler.toml` file. This can be added either in the top-level configuration or under an [environment](/workers/platform/environments). Any new Workers with this property will automatically get picked up by the Logpush job. 
```

 
```toml
---
filename: wrangler.toml
---

# Top-level configuration

name = "my-worker"
main = "src/index.js"
compatibility_date = "2022-07-12"

workers_dev = false
logpush = true
route = { pattern = "example.org/*", zone_name = "example.org" }
```

> Configure via API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure via multipart script upload API
```

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Logpush
---

# Workers Trace Events Logpush

> [Cloudflare Logpush](/logs/about/) supports the ability to send Workers Trace Event Logs to a [supported destination](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/). Worker’s Trace Events Logpush includes metadata about requests and responses, unstructured `console.log()` messages and any uncaught exceptions. This product is available on the Workers Paid plan. For pricing information, refer to [Pricing](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers-trace-events-logpush).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Cloudflare Logpush](/logs/about/) supports the ability to send Workers Trace Event Logs to a [supported destination](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/). Workers Trace Events Logpush includes metadata about requests and responses, unstructured `console.log()` messages, and any uncaught exceptions. This product is available on the Workers Paid plan. For pricing information, refer to [Pricing](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers-trace-events-logpush).
```

> [Cloudflare Logpush](/logs/about/) supports the ability to send Workers Trace Event Logs to a [supported destination](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/). Worker’s Trace Events Logpush includes metadata about requests and responses, unstructured `console.log()` messages and any uncaught exceptions. This product is available on the Workers Paid plan. For pricing information, refer to [Pricing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/pricing/#workers-trace-events-logpush).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Cloudflare Logpush](/logs/about/) supports the ability to send Workers Trace Event Logs to a [supported destination](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/). Worker’s Trace Events Logpush includes metadata about requests and responses, unstructured `console.log()` messages and any uncaught exceptions. This product is available on the Workers Paid plan. For pricing information, refer to [Pricing](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers-trace-events-logpush).
```

## Verify your Logpush access

> To configure a Logpush job, verify that your Cloudflare account role is able to use Logpush. To check your role:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure a Logpush job, verify that your Cloudflare account role can use Logpush. To check your role:
```

> 1. Sign into the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com). 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Sign into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com). 
```

> 1. Sign into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com). 
```

> 2. Select your account and scroll down to **Manage Account* > **Members**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select your account and scroll down to **Manage Account** > **Members**.
```

> 3. Check your account permissions. Roles with Logpush configuration access are different than Workers permissions. Super Administrators, Administrators and the Log Share roles have full access to Logpush

Author: ```suggestion
3. Check your account permissions. Roles with Logpush configuration access are different than Workers permissions. Super Administrators, Administrators and the Log Share roles have full access to Logpush.
```

> 3. Check your account permissions. Roles with Logpush configuration access are different than Workers permissions. Super Administrators, Administrators and the Log Share roles have full access to Logpush.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Check your account permissions. Roles with Logpush configuration access are different than Workers permissions. Super Administrators, Administrators, and the Log Share roles have full access to Logpush.
```

 
Alternatively, create a new [API token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) scoped at the Account level with Logs Edit permissions. 
 
## Create a Logpush job

The following example sends Workers logs to R2. For more configuration options, refer to [Enable destinations](/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/) and [API configuration](/logs/get-started/api-configuration/) in the Logs documentation.
 

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```json
```

curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/logpush/jobs' \
-H 'X-Auth-Key: <API_KEY>' \
-H 'X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{

> "name": "workers_logpush",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"name": "workers-logpush",
```

Reviewer: The _ was throwing an error, can we change it to a - instead

"logpull_options": "fields=Event,EventTimestampMs,Outcome,Exceptions,Logs,ScriptName",

> "destination_conf": "r2://<BUCKET_PATH>/{DATE}?account-id=<ACCOUNT_ID>&access-key-id=<R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID>&secret-access-key=<R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"destination_conf": "r2://<BUCKET_PATH>/<DATE>?account-id=<ACCOUNT_ID>&access-key-id=<R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID>&secret-access-key=<R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>",
```
I guess `DATE` is not a different kind of placeholder, so I'd use the same delimiters (`<>`).

Reviewer: This is a property of Logpush. Syntax needs to remain as is

"dataset": "workers_trace_events",
"enabled": true
}'| jq .
```

> In Logpush, you can configure [filters](/logs/reference/filters/) and a [sampling rate](/logs/get-started/api-configuration/#sampling-rate) to have more control of the volume of data that is sent to your configured destination. For example, if you only want to receive logs for resulted in an exception, add the following under `logpull_options`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Logpush, you can configure [filters](/logs/reference/filters/) and a [sampling rate](/logs/get-started/api-configuration/#sampling-rate) to have more control of the volume of data that is sent to your configured destination. For example, if you only want to receive logs for requests that did not result in an exception, add the following `filter` JSON property below `logpull_options`:
```
Please check my proposed wording. The filter below uses `!eq`, which seems to be excluding exceptions and not including them.

 
`"filter":"{\"where\": {\"key\":\"Outcome\",\"operator\":\"!eq\",\"value\":\"exception\"}}"`

## Enable logging on your Worker
 

> Enable logging on your Worker by adding a new property, `logpush = true`, to your `wrangler.toml` file. This can be added either in the top-level configuration or under an [environment](/workers/platform/environments). Any new Workers with this property will automatically get picked up by the Logpush job. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable logging on your Worker by adding a new property, `logpush = true`, to your `wrangler.toml` file. This can be added either in the top-level configuration or under an [environment](/workers/platform/environments/). Any new Workers with this property will automatically get picked up by the Logpush job. 
```

 
```toml
---
filename: wrangler.toml
---

# Top-level configuration

name = "my-worker"
main = "src/index.js"
compatibility_date = "2022-07-12"

workers_dev = false
logpush = true
route = { pattern = "example.org/*", zone_name = "example.org" }
```

Configure via multipart script upload API:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```

curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/workers/scripts/<SCRIPT_NAME>" \
-H 'X-Auth-Key: <API_KEY>' \
-H 'X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>' \
--form 'metadata={"main_module": "my-worker.js", "logpush": true}' \
--form '"my-worker.js"=@./my-worker.js;type=application/javascript+module'
```

## Limits

> The Logs and Exceptions fields have the following limits in place.

Reviewer 2: `Logs` and `Exceptions` should probably be monospaced, and I'm not sure they should be capitalized.

Reviewer: Agreed that they should be monospaced. We're referring to the field names here, so I think keeping them capitalized makes sense.

> The Logs and Exceptions fields have the following limits in place.

Author: ```suggestion
The `logs` and `exceptions` fields have the following limits in place.
```

* Message size: Maximum of 150 characters per log line
* Array limit: 20 elements

> * Log message array: This is a nested array and we have a limit of 3 elements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Log message array: A nested array with a limit of three elements
```
